As you start into your career as a developer you'll keep hearing continuous integration and continuous
delivery.
Those words if you work for any major software company they will talk to you about their processes their
continuous integration their continuous delivery from day one.
So what is this fancy speak you see working with code developers and teams is notoriously difficult
as humans we are not perfect and making sure that a project stays on schedule with minimal bugs and
without any major issues is a tall order especially when you have people with different coding styles
dipping their hands in the codebase.
In this section we're going to talk about a topic that is at the heart of almost all companies that
want to deliver good software.
You see senior developers understand this and they are put at the forefront to make sure that a good
process is put into place such as continuous integration and continuous delivery and potentially even
continuous deployment all topics we're going to cover in this section all big companies use these processes
and as senior developers it is something that we should understand and know how they work how to implement
it so that you can take a lead role on your projects and make sure that these projects are successful
and we're going to learn all about that.
And the section I'll see in the next video by.